1.What is oops stands for?
    oops-Object Oriented Programming Sysytem or Languages.

2.What is Polymorphism? explain types?
    A function that can evaluate to or be applied to the values of different types is known as a
polymorphism function.
   Types:
      * Method overloading 
      * Method overridding

3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?
    An interface is a shared boundaury across which two or more separate components of a computer
system exchange information.
   Examples:
      Selenium examples are AndriodDriver,ChromeDriver,FirefoxDriver etc.,
      Java example is Blueprint.
4.what is abstarct class and example?
      An abstract class is a class that is designed to be specifically used as a base class.
Abstract classes are essential to providing an abstraction to the code to make it reusable and extendable.
   Example: A vehicle parent class with truck and motorbike inheriting from it is an abstraction that easily
allows more vehicles to be added.
       
5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance
   The multiple inheritance is when class inherits from many base classes while multilevel inheritance is
when a class inherits from derived class a base class for a new class.

6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
   Yes, it is possible.The java programming language supports multiple inheritance of type, which is the
ability of a class to implememnt more than one interface.

7.What is keyword for using inheritance  
    The keyword used for inheritance is extends.

8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class
    The interface keyword is used to declare a special type of class that only contains abstact methods.To
access th interface methods, the interface must be "implemented" by another class with the implements
keyword.

9.what is difference between class and interface
   A class describes the attributes and behaviors of an object. An interface contains behaviors that a
class implements.

10.what is difference between class and abstract class
   A class describes the attributes and behaviors of an object. Abstract class cannot have abstract 
constructors.it may or may not contain abstract methods.